# PlanQK Webapp Demo Template

## Overview
This repository contains a template to add a webapp as a demo for an usecase to [PlanQK](https://planqk.de). It includes the web application (webapp) and a PlanQK proxy.
You find more information about the demo-deployment in the [PlanQK documentation](https://docs.platform.planqk.de/demos/introduction.html).

## Quick Start
To start the application locally, execute `./build-docker.sh`. Ensure you have set the necessary environment variables, for instance, by using an `.env` file.
You can then access the project at `http://localhost:8085`.

## Components

### PlanQK Proxy
The PlanQK proxy is a straightforward intermediary that forwards requests to the PlanQK service. It utilizes the following environment variables, which can be generated by a PlanQK application on the PlanQK Platform and set in the settings of the use-case demonstrator:
```
CONSUMER_KEY=
CONSUMER_SECRET=
SERVICE_ENDPOINT=
```

The proxy facilitates the following REST calls:
* `POST /planqk/create` - Initiates a new run of the defined service on the PlanQK platform. The request body should contain a JSON as defined in the PlanQK Service. The response includes the ID of the created instance.
* `GET /planqk/status/{id}` - Retrieves the status of the run with the specified ID. This can be polled from the webapp to check if the instance has completed.
* `GET /planqk/result/{id}` - Obtains the result of the instance with the specified ID. This can be requested from the webapp once the run has finished.

### WebApp
The `webapp` directory contains the build of the web application (e.g., an Angular or React application). The webapp can communicate with the PlanQK proxy to initiate a new instance of the defined service on the PlanQK platform, poll the status of the instance, and request its result.
